docs: update Algolia DocSearch support links (#9755)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/search.mdx

The Algolia DocSearch team can help you figure out search problems on your site.

> You can reach out to [the Algolia support](https://algolia.com/support) or on [Discord](https://discord.gg/wr2m5j948P).

Author: ```suggestion
You can reach out to Algolia via [their support page](https://algolia.com/support) or on [Discord](https://discord.gg/wr2m5j948P).
```

maybe it sounds better?
